In general, you won't know what size your object of interest will be in
the image you're searching.
So makes sense to search in multiple scales.
In this case, it's good idea to establish a minimum and
a maximum scale at which you expect the object to appear, and
then reasonable number of intermediate scales to scan as well.
The think to be careful about here is that the total number of windows you're
searching can increase rapidly which means your algorithm will run slower.
You're looking for vehicles, so it makes sense through restrict your search
to the only areas of the images where vehicles might appear.
Furthermore, when it comes to scale, you know for
example that vehicles that appear small will be near the horizon.
So search in a small scales could be restricted to even narrow a strip
across the image.